What warning signs should you not try to solve Forward? Okay. This date
age right now are the best team leader. You're the best person in
charge to be aware off team members. Oh, with t. So, when I was a captain,
uh, they were riding school. A lot of suicides at that point,
maybe wide, but it's all I want you to be aware off your team what
they do. Okay, A little sudden, you know, they're acting strange. One
of a fruit of the chain of command. If you have a question about anyone's
mental health, there they are. Okay. Divorces. Sadly, they haven't
okay, but a divorce all of a sudden, that effects effects person's
mental health. That's the same way. So most are more bad, sister
brother alone. A sudden mental health aspect to that point. Why don't
let the exit of the bomber had the Excelsior 40 change. No way
to get a chaplain over. Asked questions You do not want to land on person.
Team member on. Then they're not gonna feel secure is gonna be
even worse, you know, Say, hey, Jones. Seaman Jones. I'm a cup of
coffee with chapel, right? Don't talk. So that's a lot of his name's
coffee. Coffee is probably a better way to do it, and you'll get personally,
I've only had I've had one suicide in one of my ships, my
four ships and I've had three deaths. Watch a live person. Um, take
care of our cells. Have to be aware of your people.